## Implementation by Florimon van Putte

### API 
The API and its model are defined in powerOfAttorney.yaml in the OpenApi 3.0 format, from which a Java
controller interface and model classes are generated by a Maven plugin.

### Data
The data module contains a data.json file, which contains some initialization data for Accounts.
This file is read by Spring Data at startup time, and its contents inserted into the MongoDB database.

### Domain
The domain module was assumed to be a given, and not to be changed. It was also assumed that 
PowerOfAttorney.grantor and PowerOfAttorney.account.accountHolderName are the same thing.

### Integration
An additional module 'integrationtest' was created to run integration tests using the Karate framework,
which enables specification of 'Feature's and 'Scenario's in a cucumber-like way. 
The integration tests can be run either by:
- building the whole project or just the 'integrationtest' module with Maven
- running the 'IntegrationTest' class within the integrationtest module
- running an individual Feature or Scenario contained in integrationtest/src/test/resource/features/*.feature
  (in IntelliJ, by clicking on the green 'play' icon next to the Feature or Scenario, in the left margin of
  an editor displaying the Feature or Scenario)
  
With the first two options, a new server instance will be started automatically on a random port, even if the
server is already running on the default port 8080. With the 3rd option, a server that is running on the default
port 8080 will be used; if it isn't running, then a new server instance on port 8080 will be started for the 
duration of the test(s).

